CS 225 Data Structures
Team Contract (ruiqing6-ziruiw5-weixuan2-zeyangz2)
Communication
1. Team Meetings Our team will meet once a week every Saturday from 11 AM -12 PM at fixed location. Each member will take turn to be the note-taker of the meeting, starting with ziruiw5. Notes will be stored on a Google document, time-stamped for each meeting. The note-taker is also responsible for drafting the weekly DEVELOPMENT LOG entry, which is approved by the team at the start of the following week’s meeting.
2. Assistance Each team member can be contacted through email, WeChat, or Zoom. WeChat is used for most of the communication, zoom is used for technical meetings like helping with debugging. Email is used as a backup way of communication when members fail to have access to other means of communication. 
3. Respect The note-taker for the week will also serve as the ‘project lead’ for the weekly meeting. They organize meetings by outlining meeting content, making all team members report about their progress, as well as bring up discussions on technical topics including the implementation of algorithms and collection of data. All decisions should be accepted by a majority, and the minority need to go with the majority’s choice. By signing this document, each member of the team commits to adhering to the decisions made, even if they personally disagree with them.
Collaboration
1. Work Distribution Each week, the necessary deliverables for the week will be determined by the full team and each member will volunteer to work on one or more deliverables. When there’re no volunteers, project leader will assign each member one or more tasks, and the assignment must be accepted by all team members. If one member finishes early, they can volunteer to help with others but not required. However, if they do not help during the week, then they are expected to undertake a higher workload in the next week. Adjustments can be made to reduce one member’s workload if that member is experiencing sickness, emergency, or extremely high workload in other courses. 
2. Time Commitment To ensure an equal distribution of work, each member is expected to independently work no less than four and no more than ten hours per week on the project. If one member is spending more time than expected (more than 10 hours a week), members who has finished their tasks need to help out. It is the team’s responsibility, not the individual’s responsibility, to make sure a weekly deliverable is finished by the end of the week. If a member is frequently unable to complete their assigned tasks, they need to give appropriate reasons for their behaviors so that the team can decide whether less tasks should be assigned or report this to staff as an inappropriate behavior.  
3. Conflict Resolution If there’s a conflict regarding details of the project (including but not limited to project topic, algorithm implementation, or workload distribution), a vote is required. The final decision is the decision of the majority. If there was a tie, a random number generator is used to determine which decision to choose.
If this was an MD file, each of us would sign our names here at the bottom with an electronic
signature and a separate github commit over the same document.

Signature: Zirui Wang, Zeyang Zhang, Ruiqing Yu, Weixuan Zheng
           ziruiw5,    zeyang2,      ruiqing6,   weixuan2
